>> Kent C. Dodds: So
what is a JavaScript Test?
This is actually a link to a blog
that I posted a couple weeks ago,
back in January, where I basically have a
blog post forum of what we're about to do.
But, now we're gonna jump into
the project, and you're gonna do this.
So if you can open up your projects.
Open up your terminal and
the project and your editor.
We're gonna start in this other
directory and what's a test?
And that you'll start in one.todo.js.
And in here there are some comments to
explain what you're supposed to do.
But the idea with all of these is that
you're going to write a framework,
and then you'll write
an assertion library.
But this first one,
we're going to write the simplest form of
a test that you could possibly imagine.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And so to run this,
you're gonna want to change
your directory into this
where we are right now so
you'll cd into other what's a test?
And then for each one of these it will
say and then run this code with and
then command so for us it's node1.todo.
And you'll know that you got it right when
your when running that actually throws
a bug, or
it throws an error because there is a bug.
Who found the bug?
Yeah, Peter found it, what is it?
>> Speaker 2: Sum is actually
subtracting and sum-
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah.
Yeah, so that's intentional because a huge
part of testing frameworks job is to,
show you now the errors and
you get error messages so
you can both know what's wrong and
also know how to fix it.
And so, yeah so
sum is intentionally broken in this way.
So, what your job is to
write additional code,
presumably after this code
to throw a useful error
to validate whether sum is working or not.
So you use sum and then you validate
that it is returning what it should be,
an d if it's not, then you throw an error.